The DriverPass project created a modern solution to the educational needs of future drivers. It was a mobile and web app which allowed students to take practice driving exams and schedule real-world appointments with driving instructors to build practical knowledge and experience. The site works by allowing a user to create a new account or use an existing one to purchase educational packages and to book 1 on 1 private driving lessons with an instructor. Employees of DriverPass also have the power to set their own availability days and hours for the customer to choose from, and to book appointments for customers.

I felt that my design for the system was fairly well-detailed, especially my payment system design, which had several fallbacks for inappropriate input. If I had the time and opportunity to fully rework any one part of my work, it would be my first UML diagram. I feel as though it was sloppy and unorganized, and too broad in its scope. Maybe a UML design is best when it focuses on a specific use scope rather than being multifeature inclusive. 

I interpreted the user as being someone who would benefit from a sleek, straight-forward, intuitive design. Students should have their options restricted and their information readily available to make using the app easy and make scheduling appointments friendly and not demanding. Just like anything else, it is critical to attempt to understand your audience for software design. My users' needs were an intuitive, straight forward environment that facilitates learning, so that is what I designed. The user's needs are fundamental because they are the consumer of the product and the lifeblood of the client's company. They will be the party using our site and services the most- They should enjoy the experience.

I found it helpful to think of my software in terms of what is and is not a functional requirement as well as what is and is not a priority. I also found it helpful to create models of my system in advance to visualize my design, which has the additional benefit of increased presentability for a team or an investor. I will use all of these techniques throughout my tenure in the IT industry, especially whenever I may take on a role as a software and systems engineer. 
